by黑巧克力少年
tiThe Next Episode
arDr Dre & Snoop Doggy Dog
alNapster

The Next Episode
ByDr Dre & Snoop Doggy

<Snoop Dogg>
La-da-da-da-dahh
It's the motherfuckin D-O-double-G (SNOOP DOGG!)
La-da-da-da-dahh
You know I'm mobbin with the DRE
(YEAH YEAH YEAH
You know who's back up in this MOTHERFUCKER!)
What what what what?
(Spread the weed out there!)
Blaze it up, blaze it up!
(Just blaze that shit up nigga, yeah, 'sup Snoop??)

Top Dogg, bite me all, nigga burn the shit up
D-P-G-C my nigga turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah we hookin back up
And when they bang this in the club baby you got to get up
Thug niggaz drug dealers yeah they givin it up
Lowlife, your life, boy we livin it up
Taking chances while we dancing in the party for show
Slip my hoe a forty-fo' and she got in the back do'
Bitches looking at me strange but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin my hair
Bitch quit talking, crip walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope from this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if your ass get cracked, bitch shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the X you'll be relievin your stress
La-da-da-da-dahh
It's the motherfuckin DRE (Dr Dre MOTHERFUCKER!)
La-da-da-da-dahhh
You know I'm mobbin with the D-O-double-G
Straight off the fuckin streets of C-P-T
King of the beats you ride to em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
or Coupe DeVille rollin on dubs
How you feelin whoopty=whoop nigga whut?
Dre and Snoop chronic'ed out in the 'llac
with Doc in the back, sippin on 'gnac (yeah)
Clip in the strap, dippin through hoods (what hoods?)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood!
South Central out to the Westside (wessyde)
It's California Love, this California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
with my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on, and my smoke on
Then go home with, something to poke on (what`s up bitch?)
Loc it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin real, it's the next episode
Hold up, hey
for my niggaz who be thinking we soft
We don't, care
We gon' rock it til the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
for my niggaz who be actin too bold
Take a, seeaaaaaat
Hope you ready for the next episode
HeyyyeyyyeEYEYyyyEYYYY
 smoke weed everday!
